# CIS106-Jack-Samson
## Assignment 1
I have taken this class because I am curious about the subject as well as the fact that I believe that it will provide me with a better understanding of the subject as well as being able to further along my career prospects in order to find a successful job and career in the future so as to be successful. Along with that I wish to become a back end developer as I find the hard programing to be much more interesting than the pain and difficulty of designing the front end user interface and making sure that the red is the exact shade of red the client wants.

## Assignment 2
I decided on using Python because I had heard that it is a simple and easy to use programing language and more importantly easy to read as well as the fact that I know other people who use it so I can get additional outside assistance with various projects, so I do not stall on my work and things go very smoothly. I have also decided on using Visual Studio Code because that is what I am mostly familiar with because of past classes where I also used Visual Studio Code for things such as HTML, CSS, and basic text.

## Assignment 3
Today during these activities I learned about variables and how to declare them as well as the various different ways that they can be used primarily from these activities I believe that I will be able to use them for relatively simple programs for something like a calculator to make figuring out equations easier allowing me to speed up the process of completing my homework or school work faster. This should be a important lesson as variables are the most basic of things that should be understood when it comes to programing and to make sure I understood what declaring variables looks like in code I used the program to show me what my code would look like in other programing languages such as Python.

## Assignment 4
During today’s assignment I was tasked with learning about formatting code and how that could be useful that can be such as using snake casing and to provide whitespace around our equations as using them will allow others to read our code easier and make collaborations more easily doable along with practicing more activities through Python in order to make better use of our coding skills by creating glorified calculators by creating programs that do the math for you with equations that quickly turn tedious for anyone to do by them selves over and over again it is really quite convenient

## Assignment 5
During this assignment I had to use functions in order to create programs in my coding language of choice or I would have if you didn’t require me to use Flowgorithm a program that is unnecessarily difficult to work with as a program that is designed to be easy to work with also nice job with the testing scripts with them not working and being barely functional as well as the fact that they are of no help what so ever which wouldn’t be a problem if you had actually taught the class instead of just handing us a text book and expect us to get it along with seeming to use terminology that no one else uses not even the text book leaving everyone even more confused.

## Assignment 6
During this assignment I learned about how to use code linters and how to use them to clean up your code. It was interesting to learn about them and the fact that I have used it and nothing happened only to learn that my Python code passes the linter’s tests. It was interesting to learn about code linters and it would be interesting to design my own code linter in order to relentlessly pester and annoy students into using a certain format of writing their own code that really would not benefit anyone else using the same code base because they would have to read it anyways and learn what the variables’ names are anyways.

## Assignment 7
During this assignment I learned about how to use if else statements in Python in tandem along with functions I personally found Flowgorithm to be very frustrating until I realized one simple thing and that was that it is just harder to work with Python because it feels like Python but just more tedious. Besides that I should be able to use this in a whole host of other applications as it is the most simple of things and the most important of commands to understand along with functions it’s a yes or no situation true or false. This was very fun.

## Assignment 8
During this assignment I learned about For loops in Python and how to best use them primarily for repetitive basic tasks and equations such as multiplication or taking multiple inputs for the same variable. I am sure that I can use this in many different applications such as creating repetitive Python scripts to automate long and obnoxious tasks such as simply taking in simple information. I also learned about the importance of sequence in code as multiple times I had two while statements inside of each other resulting in the Python script not completing itself as well as my variables not being available before I assign them in a function later on in the program.

## Assignment 9
During this lesson I learned about loops and how to use things such as while in Python to preform things a select number of times such as a increasing math equation or to take multiple inputs and create an average score. I am sure that I can use this in a large amount of scripts for large amounts of repetitive tasks. I also learned about the importance of sequence in code as multiple times I had two while statements inside of each other resulting in the Python script not completing itself as well as my variables not being available before I assign them in a function later on in the program.

## Assignment 10
During this lesson I learned about do while loops in Python as well as nested loops in Python as well as how to use them to their greatest effect. I am sure that I can use this to create many interesting programs that can take user input to generate many different things that could be read. I also learned about loops and how to properly structure them to only do certain things a certain amount of times to my advantage such as only printing out something once or to have a loop complete its self and then move on to the next loop to continue to do what I need it to do

## Assignment 11
During this assignment I learned about arrays and how to use them by adding content to them and set them up with set number of entities or modifying certain entries. This will be incredibly useful to me in the future as I can use these things that I have learned to modify crude databases among other things. It also allows me to create and pull multiple similar variables from one function with a single return. Overall this was an incredibly important lesson and I eagerly await what other functions I can use arrays in in the future of this class. 
